c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\bin\Debug\quizsample.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\bin\Debug\quizsample.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\bin\Debug\quizsample.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form2.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form10.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form3.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form4.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form5.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form6.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form7.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form8.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form9.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form13.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form14.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form15.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form16.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form17.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form18.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form19.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form20.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form21.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form22.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\quizsample\quizsample\obj\Debug\quizsample.Form23.resources
